Document ZHA UI missing QR code scanning support for Zigbee device provision (#44857)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/zha.markdown

**Support for commissioning Zigbee 3.0 devices via "Install Code" or "QR Code" via the `zha.permit` action:**

> - Home Assistant's user interface (frontend codebase) does not currently support scanning a QR code for Zigbee 3.0 secure provisioning for device pre-commissioning in ZHA's UI (instead you currently need to use the zha.permit action with the qr_code parameter instead).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Home Assistant's user interface does not currently support scanning a QR code for Zigbee 3.0 secure provisioning for device pre-commissioning in ZHA's UI (instead, you currently need to use the `zha.permit` action with the qr_code parameter).
```

> - Actions for this has so far only been implemented for 'ezsp' (Silicon Labs EmberZNet) and 'znp' (Texas Instruments) radio types in ZHA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Actions have so far only been implemented for 'ezsp' (Silicon Labs EmberZNet) and 'znp' (Texas Instruments) radio types in ZHA.
```

>   - Other radio types are missing support for these actions in their respective [radio libraries for zigpy](https://github.com/zigpy/) or manufacturer's firmware commands/APIs.

Reviewer 2: This can be removed
```suggestion
```

>   - Other radio types are missing support in their respective [radio libraries for zigpy](https://github.com/zigpy/) or manufacturer's firmware commands/APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Other radio types are missing support for these actions in their respective [radio libraries for zigpy](https://github.com/zigpy/) or manufacturer's firmware commands/APIs.
```

- This has so far only been implemented for 'ezsp' (Silicon Labs EmberZNet) or 'znp' (Texas Instruments) radio type in ZHA.
- Other radio types are missing support in their respective [radio libraries for zigpy](https://github.com/zigpy/) or manufacturer's firmware commands/APIs.

> - There is no frontend implementation for Zigbee 3.0 device secure provisioning that allow QR code scanning for device provisioning in ZHA integration UI.

Author: The current phrasing uses the correct and specific terminology ("frontend", "UI", "Zigbee 3.0 device secure provisioning", and "QR code scanning") which also act as a reference if an independent developer would like to implement this feature in Home Assistant's frontend codebase -> https://github.com/home-assistant/frontend/

> - There is no frontend implementation for Zigbee 3.0 device secure provisioning that allow QR code scanning for device provisioning in ZHA integration UI.

Author: Updated the phrasing so that it now reads: `Home Assistant's user interface (frontend codebase) does not currently support scanning a QR code for Zigbee 3.0 secure provisioning for device pre-commissioning in ZHA's UI (instead you currently need to use the zha.permit action with the qr_code parameter instead).`
